README.md, before:

# PinXiXi
Class project for CS316

Our choice: Standard Project Option

Team Name: PinXiXi 拼夕夕

Team Members and Roles:

Weisheng Zhang - Users Guru: Responsible for user management, authentication, and overall user experience.

Zhixuan Lu - Products Guru: Manages product listings, descriptions, and product-related functionalities.

Jiaojiao Zhao - Carts Guru: Oversees cart functionalities, including adding, updating, and removing items.

Shu Pu - Sellers Guru: Manages seller-related tasks, including seller onboarding, product management, and interactions.

Shanruo Xu - Social Guru: Handles social features, including user posts, comments, and community engagement.



Summary of Contributions Since the Last Milestone:

Weisheng Zhang (Users Guru): Brainstormed and identified the tables and related attributes，that will be used to handle the functionalities related to the Users section of the project.

Zhixuan Lu (Products Guru): The Product table manages information about products, such as their names, descriptions, categories, and prices, enabling the platform to organize, display, and categorize items for sale.

Jiaojiao Zhao (Carts Guru): Oversees cart functionalities, including adding, updating, and removing items, and connect customers, sellers and the webpage timely.

Shu Pu (Sellers Guru): Enable sellers to update stock, add/remove products, and fulfill orders. Ensure accurate inventory tracking when orders are placed and work with the team to integrate these features smoothly into the system.

Shanruo Xu (Social Guru): Implement a comprehensive feedback system that allows users to submit, edit, and view reviews for products and sellers.

Repository link: https://github.com/Duckycoders/PinXiXi

Video for MS3 already pushed to Github,link:https://github.com/Duckycoders/PinXiXi/blob/main/Pin%20Xixi%20ms3.mp4

Video for MS4 already pushed to Github,link:https://github.com/Duckycoders/PinXiXi/blob/main/ms4.mp4

Video for final already pushed to Github,link:https://github.com/Duckycoders/PinXiXi/releases/tag/final_video

#### No individual scored is needed.

Commit message:

Update README with instructor info and contribution edits
Corrected punctuation and grammar in contributions section.

README.md, after:

# PinXiXi
Class project for CS316, Duke University 24Fall

Instructor: Prof. Sudeepa Roy

Our choice: Standard Project Option

Team Name: PinXiXi 拼夕夕

Team Members and Roles:

Weisheng Zhang - Users Guru: Responsible for user management, authentication, and overall user experience.

Zhixuan Lu - Products Guru: Manages product listings, descriptions, and product-related functionalities.

Jiaojiao Zhao - Carts Guru: Oversees cart functionalities, including adding, updating, and removing items.

Shu Pu - Sellers Guru: Manages seller-related tasks, including seller onboarding, product management, and interactions.

Shanruo Xu - Social Guru: Handles social features, including user posts, comments, and community engagement.



Summary of Contributions Since the Last Milestone:

Weisheng Zhang (Users Guru): Brainstormed and identified the tables and related attributes that will be used to handle the functionalities related to the Users section of the project.

Zhixuan Lu (Products Guru): The Product table manages information about products, such as their names, descriptions, categories, and prices, enabling the platform to organize, display, and categorize items for sale.

Jiaojiao Zhao (Carts Guru): Oversees cart functionalities, including adding, updating, and removing items, and connects customers, sellers and the webpage timely.

Shu Pu (Sellers Guru): Enable sellers to update stock, add/remove products, and fulfill orders. Ensure accurate inventory tracking when orders are placed and work with the team to integrate these features smoothly into the system.

Shanruo Xu (Social Guru): Implement a comprehensive feedback system that allows users to submit, edit, and view reviews for products and sellers.

Repository link: https://github.com/Duckycoders/PinXiXi

Video for MS3 already pushed to Github,link:https://github.com/Duckycoders/PinXiXi/blob/main/Pin%20Xixi%20ms3.mp4

Video for MS4 already pushed to Github,link:https://github.com/Duckycoders/PinXiXi/blob/main/ms4.mp4

Video for final already pushed to Github,link:https://github.com/Duckycoders/PinXiXi/releases/tag/final_video

#### No individual scored is needed.
